2023  roadmap.md (#2292)
telefonicaid/fiware-cygnus: doc/roadmap.md

The following list of features are planned to be addressed in the short term,
and incorporated in a next release of the product in the short term:

- Performance / scalability / sizing and reliability analisys.

## Medium term

The following list of features are planned to be addressed in the medium term,
typically within the subsequent release(s) generated in the next **9 months**
after next planned release:

> - Brand new sink able to write to IoTAs and NGSI endpoints.

Reviewer: All IoTAs or IOTA-JSON specify? In the second case:

```suggestion
- Brand new sink able to write to IoTA JSON and NGSI endpoints.
```

In addition, maybe the NGSI version should be make explicit and use NGSIv2 here.
